# Hi there!

My name is William He. Welcome to my website!

### Navigation

If you would like to check out my background and/or experiences, please check on **About Me** and **Projects** tab on the Navigation Bar↖

To view all past blog posts, please click on the **All Posts** button ↘ 

To download a specific post, you can visit https://willh.ml/posts/

### About the creation of this Blogger

"Life isn't about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself." --George Bernard Shaw

Today is June 14, 2020. For almost ten years, I have been thinking about what I will be doing when I am no longer a student. Who I really wanted to become. My grandma had been teaching for more than 40 years. There are countless examples on what people have done and achieved. But life doesn't have a recipe that I can follow -- Everyone's life is unique. The past experiences people shared are usually heavily based on the environment at their time, which will not necessarily apply to our time. 

When I was younger, I know exactly what I need to do, what I need to learn. Everyone around me was doing the same thing and shared the same objective. But as I grow, the decisions I made started to come with compromises. I chose to study abroad for better opportunities but ended up getting a worse GPA. I spent three years during high school studying up to university level Chemistry but ended up not studying anything related to Chemistry since then. I built my schedule around an area of study for two years during undergrad years but ended up not going into this industry due to increasing safety concerns over the subject.

I used to be really upset about not being able to find who I wanted to be, worrying about gaining nothing after all the efforts I have given. However, when I looked back to the past after all these years, I found that each pieces of these experiences is essential to who I am today. I was not finding who I am, I was creating who I will be. All those experiences is worthy of remembrance.

I will start recording little things about work, life, and study that I find interesting, along with some thoughts I have on the website to serve as a place to recollect old memories that would have been lost in time.

